Your Majesty
How are you back?
Dr. Qin returned home safe and sound
Hu County Magistrate has been beheaded by the lower official
What about the kid named Sun Qian?
Dr. Qin drove Sun Qian out of the country
Never hire
Hmm, kind of interesting
But Your Majesty
The Qin Sun family has completely turned their faces
What if the Sun family attacks Dr. Qin?
Do you want to send more people to protect it?
No need.
If he died so easily
That just proves he's a piece of crap
I don't need waste around me
But
What you said makes sense.
Since everyone wants to play
Then it's within the rules, whatever
Anyone who breaks the rules
Don't blame me for being ruthless
Yes, you send a few people to protect it secretly.
If the Sun family dares to make a move
Then give him a warning
It's Your Majesty's retreat under the tree
Forward
Humph
Kind of interesting.